cloud: update steps of importing CSV and Parquet files (#9771)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/import-csv-files.md

## Step 1. Prepare the CSV files

1. If a CSV file is larger than 256 MB, consider splitting it into smaller files, each with a size around 256 MB.

    TiDB Cloud supports importing very large CSV files but performs best with multiple input files around 256 MB in size. This is because TiDB Cloud can process multiple files in parallel, which can greatly improve the import speed.

2. Name the CSV files as follows:

    - If a CSV file contains all data of an entire table, name the file in the `${db_name}.${table_name}.csv` format, which maps to the `${db_name}.${table_name}` table when you import the data.
    - If the data of one table is separated into multiple CSV files, append a numeric suffix to these CSV files. For example, `${db_name}.${table_name}.000001.csv` and `${db_name}.${table_name}.000002.csv`. The numeric suffixes can be inconsecutive but must be in ascending order. You also need to add extra zeros before the number to ensure all the suffixes are in the same length.

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > If you cannot update the CSV filenames according to the preceding rules in some cases (for example, the CSV file links are also used by your other programs), you can keep the filenames unchanged and use the **Custom Pattern** in [Step 4](#step-4-import-csv-files-to-tidb-cloud) to import multiple CSV files to a single table.

Reviewer: This should be "If you cannot update the CSV filenames according to the preceding rules in some cases (for example, the CSV file links are also used by your other programs ）, or to import multiple CSV files to a single table. You can use the **Custom Pattern** in [Step 4](#step-4-import-csv-files-to-tidb-cloud) “

Author: I think that even if users do not use Custom Pattern, they can still use DB/Table filters to import multiple CSV files to a single table, as long as their CSV files use the same table name.

## Step 2. Create the target table schemas

Because CSV files do not contain schema information, before importing data from CSV files into TiDB Cloud, you need to create the table schemas using either of the following methods:

- Method 1: In TiDB Cloud, create the target databases and tables for your source data.

> - Method 2: In the Amazon S3 or GCS directory where the CSV files are located, create the target table schema files for your source data.

Reviewer: this part is about create database， no need the table schema files

    1. Create database schema files for your source data.

        If your CSV files follow the naming rules in [Step 1](#step-1-prepare-the-csv-files), the database schema files are optional. Otherwise, the database schema files are mandatory.

        Each database schema file must be in the `${db_name}-schema-create.sql` format and contain a `CREATE DATABASE` DDL statement. With this file, TiDB Cloud will create the `${db_name}` database to store your data when you import the data.

        For example, if you create a `mydb-scehma-create.sql` file that contains the following statement, TiDB Cloud will create the `mydb` database when you import the data.

        {{< copyable "sql" >}}

        ```sql
        CREATE DATABASE mydb;
        ```

    2. Create table schema files for your source data.

>         The table schema files are mandatory. If you do not include the files in the Amazon S3 or GCS directory where the CSV files are located, TiDB Cloud will return an error when you import the data.

Reviewer: This should be "If you do not include the files in the Amazon S3 or GCS directory where the CSV files are located and the corresponding table is not manually created in TiDB in advance.  "

Author: ```suggestion
        The table schema files are mandatory. If you do not include the files in the Amazon S3 or GCS directory where the CSV files are located, TiDB Cloud will not create the corresponding tables for you when you import the data.
```

        >
        > For the configurations of separator, delimiter, and null, you can use both alphanumeric characters and certain special characters. The supported special characters include `\t`, `\b`, `\n`, `\r`, `\f`, and `\u0001`.

    - **Target Cluster**: fill in the **Username** and **Password** fields.
    - **DB/Tables Filter**: if you want to filter which tables to be imported, you can specify one or more table filters in this field, separated by `,`.

        For example:

        - `db01.*`: all tables in the `db01` database will be imported.
        - `db01.table01*,db01.table02*`: all tables starting with `table01` and `table02` in the `db01` database will be imported.

>         - `!db02.*`: except the tables in the `db02` database, all other tables will be imported. `!` is used to exclude tables that do not need to be imported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - `!db02.*`: except the tables in the `db02` database, all the other tables will be imported. `!` is used to exclude tables that do not need to be imported.
```

        - `*.*` : all tables will be imported.

        For more information, see [table filter snytax](/table-filter.md#syntax).

    - **Custom Pattern**: after enabling this feature, you can specify a custom mapping rule between multiple CSV files and a single target table. Enable this feature only if your CSV files do not follow the naming rules in [Step 1](#step-1-prepare-the-csv-files) and you want to import source data into the same target table.

        > **Note:**
        >
        > - After enabling this feature, one import task can only import one table at a time. If you want to merge and import data into different tables, you need to import several times, each time specifying a different target table.

>         > - It is recommended that you first import the majority of tables using **DB/Tables Filter**. After that, start several more import tasks, specifying the custom mapping rules to import data to target tables one at a time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        > - It is recommended that you first import the majority of tables using **DB/Tables Filter**. After that, start several more import tasks, specifying the custom mapping rules to import data to one target table at a time.
```

        When **Custom Pattern** is enabled, you are required to fill in the following fields:

        - **Object Name Pattern**: enter a pattern that matches the names of the CSV files to be imported. For example:

            - `my-data?.csv`: all CSV files starting with `my-data` and one character (such as `my-data1.csv` and `my-data2.csv`) will be imported into the same target table.
            - `my-data*.csv`: all CSV files starting with `my-data` will be imported into the same target table.

>         - **Target Table Name**: enter the name of the target table in TiDB Cloud, which must be in the `${db_name}.${table_name}` format. For example, `mydb.mytable`. Note that this field accepts one specific table name only so wildcards are not supported.

Reviewer 2: Should "only so"  be "only if"?

Author: What about "Note that this field only accepts one specific table name, so wildcards are not supported."?
